well okay is libro incredible mr. Triple
Threat sidestep Swiss AG uh-oh is this
what y'all niggas been looking for Oh
y'all want me to return to this shit
right right right right right cool cool
cool but since all my subscribers out
here y'all want to be all frontin on a
nigga because I impose the note 2 K
gameplay so this what I'm gonna do this
what i'ma do if you allow your
subscriber drop a comment if you're a
lawyer subscriber drop the light and you
know what if this video hits a hundred
likes which I deserve because i have
over sixteen thousand subscribers so it
shouldn't be no reason why a hundred of
my subscribers can like my video so i
might just let you know my collection i
have Lou Hudson mo cheeks Avery Johnson
the general got that nigga Robert pack
you know AC green Ron Harper bj
armstrong I got Chris Anderson you know
Malik Wayne's Kentavious caldwell-pope
Jordan Hamilton Martell Webster Darrell
author Tony Wu in I always cool I always
called they do something else I don't
know why but it might be ruined but a
giant Henson Joel Freeland you know and
I got this right here is my little arena
and my setup I don't know why I picked
the name Philadelphia incredible could
well incredibles is cuz i'll use
incredible but put it up yes fun but i
wish i could I probably get a better
name you know I'm saying so that's all I
got from right now once this video gets
a hit 200 likes once it hits a hundred
likes then i'll be posting my team game
plays I haven't did nothing on my team
yet I haven't played it at all not one
game nothing i just spent 20 kb c last
night that 20 k vc i saved up actually
for my uh my players Shawn Kemp so but
you know the sports emm is taking a lot
of my time so I didn't get a chance to
you know create Shawn Kemp yet but I
have a few I have to my players and I
will get some my career's to you guys
but if you guys want to see some my team
once the stones this video hits 100
likes I'll fucking go and record a
facecam my team
right then and there and i'll edit that
shit and I put it on YouTube a sack like
no bullshit so let's see let's see
what's up with y'all make sure y'all
follow me on Twitter Instagram all my
links is in the description besides that
I'm gonna get out of here